Docs Enhancements To CLI Section (#689)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/cli/reference/init.md

pagination_prev: null
pagination_next: null
---

> Initialize a Spicepod in the current working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initialize a new Spice app in the current working directory.
```

### Usage

```shell
spice init [app_name] [flags]
```

#### Arguments

- `app_name` An optional argument specifying the name of app

#### Flags

- `-h`, `--help` Print this help message

### Examples:

```shell
spice init
```

> If called without `app_name`, Spice will prompt you for a name and create the appropriate Spicepod in the current working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If called without `app_name`, Spice will prompt for a name and create the Spicepod in the current working directory.
```
